- Buongiorno, Ragazzi!
- Hey.
Hey. I brought love.
Love?
Uh-huh. Bocconotti.
"Boccone" means "mouthful,"
but I call them
"Boccone del Amore,"
which means
"Mouthfuls of Love."
Oh, they're a little bit
like windbeutel.
"Windbeutel?"
You know what's wrong
with Germany?
You don't use passion
in your food names.
Yes, we do.
"Sauerbraten?"
"Wier Schnitzel?"
Wiener Schnitzel is Austrian.
Tommy,
which would you prefer to eat?
Something called "sauerbraten,"
or something called
"Mouthfuls of Love?"
Anything quiet.
Didn't shakespre already say,
"A rose by any other name
is still a rose."
Yeah.
But that was about smell,
and smell is not love.
Smell is smell.
I'm going to go where people
know how to be quiet.
Did you party again last night?
Chill out, mother, will you?
He needs more love.
Tommy.
Sir.
Your irishman
smells like a distillery.
Good morning, Dorn.
There's something
I need to show you.
This is the hotel room
I was in last week in Moscow.
You were in Moscow?
I secreted a camera
to send back these images.
The ICC gave me my own
aes-encrypted wp to wifi.
They found it
in less than a minute.
They are unusually good.
You were not supposed to go.
The point, Louis,
is that Dimitrov knew.
He knew I was there.
He knew I was looking for him.
Those are his men.
Are you absolutely certain
that the Marianski kidnapping
had nothing to do with
him being my source?
I'm sure.
The kidnapping
was planned by the ex-wife.
To hurt him, for his money.
She confessed.
And you've said nothing
about my looking into this?
No. No one.
Except Rebecca.
Oh, I told it to Rebecca.
She went back to Paris
yesterday.
Hello?
Rebecca,
I'm coming home this morning.
Oh!
Louis, that's lovely.
Could we have lunch together?
Are you asking me on a date?
Yes.
- I'd love that.
- Good.
I'll see you at noon.
Okay, see you.
Anne-Marie?
Yes?
I need to go
to Paris for the day.
Okay.
Anne-Marie?
Do you know where Hickman is?
He said
he had to run an errand.
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
Do you speak English?
Doesn't everybody?
We're certainly trying.
May I see the manager?
Do you have an appointment?
No, but when he knows
what I'm here about,
he'll want to talk to me.
I'm afraid you can only see
Mr. Stoop with an appointment.
So let's make an appointment.
He has nothing free
till Monday.
You don't need to check?
No.
We have procedures in place.
You're not the type
to hide behind procedure.
I'm not hiding.
No, you're sitting
at the help desk,
keeping your fingers busy
so that the rest
of the staff can see
that you're still prepared
to get your hands dirty
even though you're wearing
a 1,000 Euro suit.
And your nametag
says "Secretary,"
but "Anika"
is no more a secretary
than the secretary of state,
and you don't follow procedures,
you write them.
It's pronounced Ahh-ni-ka.
Oh, "Anika."
And my suit cost 800 Euros,
and, though
I'm moderately impressed
and just a little bit flattered,
you still can't see him.
Anika,
I'm going to give you
a way out of our little impasse
by asking you
to put this account number
under his nose,
along with the magic word
"Carnival."
Please?
Please.
Berger.
Keep the line open.
Okay, you have five minutes.
Where's your panic button?
Excuse me?
We're about to be...
Everyone down! Down!
Down on the ground!
Are you deaf of stupid?
Get on the floor!
Your attention, if you please.
I'm not here for your money,
I am here for the bank's money.
What they have stolen,
I am stealing back.
For most of you,
this will go smoothly
and efficiently,
and you can
get back to your lives.
However,
there may be one or two
who believe
this is a time for heroes.
Hit the glass.
The phone.
He only misses if he wants to.
So...
are there any heroes
amongst you today?
Anyone
who would like to interfere
in our business here?
Because if you do,
we will not only kill you,
we will kill every single person
in this bank.
Crossing Lines 01x07
The Animals
Original Air Date July 28, 2013
==sync, correction by dcdah==
for www.addic7ed.com
What's going on?
It's Hickman.
He seems to be
inside a robbery.
Dorn...
Can you take care of Paris
for me, please?
Your American
is inside a bank robbery?
Quite an unlucky fellow.
Bad luck or coincidence?
Coincidence is a concept
I have a great deal
of difficulty with.
Get your cell phones out
and hold them
in your right hand
where I can see 'em!
Lot of great big bags
to bring to a robbery.
Three, four, five bags.
Yes, I can see that.
Fully automatic
machine pistols.
Who are you?
Come on!
Come on.
That's it, go on.
Hey...
Where's your phone?
My right hand is disabled.
I can't hold a phone in it.
What?
You said to use my right hand.
What's going on?
Says his right hand don't work.
Are you trying to be funny?
No.
You think you're John Wayne?
Not even close.
Use your left hand.
I got this one.
Sorry, Wolf.
No worries.
Get the manager.
You know why
I wear a wolf mask?
You smell like a wet dog?
Wolves are adept at seeing
their way through traps.
They have an uncanny talent
for reading the lay of the land.
Hunters even report them
digging up traps
and deactivating them
before they become a problem.
You're not
going to become a problem,
are you, John Wayne
with the crippled hand?
Should I deactivate you?
No problem here.
He hung up.
I got a trace, though.
He's at the International
Bank den Haag.
I told the locals
we have an officer inside.
He said six robbers,
five bags of equipment,
and full auto pistols.
I can get inside
the security cameras.
Move! Move! Get in there!
Move it!
Look what I found
in the closet.
The bank manager
and a fat lady and her husband.
She's not fat, she's pregnant.
Get on the floor!
Face down!
She can't lie on her front
because of the baby.
I was hoping you'd let her go,
keep me instead.
And I was hoping
you'd do as you're told
so I don't have to waste
two bullets.
Please!
I will do it!
Haven't you got
enough hostages?
Why don't you let her go?
Keep your mouth shut.
Let's get the lady a chair.
What are we, animals?
Come on, my love, sit down.
You, too. Cozy up.
There now, is that better,
John Wayne with
the crippled hand?
Mr. Bank Manager...
The vault key.
Key?
The vault's on a time lock.
Which opens in 365 seconds,
and requires the key
which you wear
around your neck.
Sorry...
I'm getting very tired
of being questioned.
I'm sorry.
Why was that young couple
here to see you today?
Excuse me?
I'm not big
on repeating myself.
They applied for credit.
A loan.
Ah. Were they successful?
Were you successful?
Were you able to acquire a loan?
What did you want,
something for the baby?
It's okay, sir, we didn't...
What did you need?
Furniture, for the nursery.
Furn... a bed for the baby
and he said no?
No,
I didn't have a choice!
What's that?
Do you work?
Yes. Yes, I work.
- Mm-hmm. Every day?
- Every day.
Please, sir,
it is not his fault.
Our credit is not good.
Now, how can it be
that you get to refuse
this hardworking young couple
the funds to look after
their newborn,
and somehow they think
it's their fault?
We have a formula...
Scores, which...
I'd like you to reconsider,
Mr. Bank Manager.
Can you do that for me?
Can you put aside
your formulas and your scores
and act like
a bloody human being?
Yes. Of course.
They can have it,
anything they want!
No. Please...
Now, I know you're not
predisposed, culturally,
to silence,
but I need you to understand
this is not
an audience-participation sport.
No! No, no, don't shoot!
Don't shoot!
They put a bomb on me!
Am I making myself clear now,
John Wayne
with the crippled hand?
Okay, I want a sniper
on that balcony.
I want one on that balcony,
I want one on that roof.
Why did they kill
Mr. Stoop?
He gave them the vault key.
They seem to want a show.
Why?
I don't know.
Now that woke the cops up.
I'm monitoring
their frequencies.
Good.
Mr. Pig, prep the doors.
Mr. Tiger,
head upstairs,
if you please.
Right there.
You're sure?
Yeah. Completely.
They in the vault?
Yeah, it's the right area.
They need to drill?
Each camera, one shot.
Guy's good.
Good?
To hit those little cameras,
the guy's excellent.
Yeah, but why
shoot the camera
for a simple robbery
when you're wearing a mask?
Back that up.
He's shooting
goofy-foot.
What's "goofy-foot?"
Well, left-handed,
but standing like a righty.
You see?
The wrong foot's in the front.
Nobody shoots like that.
They have more than
enough time to rob the place
and get out.
They don't seem to be
in a hurry.
Bank robberies
average six minutes
between passing of note
to an escape.
These guys have been inside
for almost 10.
Their van is already
in police custody,
so even if they do come out,
they're not
going to go anywhere.
Unless they don't plan
to come out the front door.
The first thing you look for
when you plan these things
is a way out.
I mean, wouldn't you?
As far as I can tell,
they don't have one.
Well, yeah, that's maybe
exactly what they don't
want us to see.
How they're going to escape.
That's what I mean.
Yeah, and Hickman said
that they brought a lot
of equipment into the bank.
I'll pull city records
to see if there are
any points of hidden egress.
Sebastian...
Hickman's phone?
It's not working. Permanently.
What happened to your hand?
Accident.
Oi!
Didn't wolf tell you
to shut the hell up?
Whatever your boss says.
He ain't my boss.
Oh. Okay.
Pig?
You okay there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no worries.
I've got it.
Do you want me to cripple
that hand even more?
Don't get yourself in trouble.
I've been thinking
that maybe my share
should be a little bigger.
I mean, I did take
most of the chances.
You've been thinking.
Okay, I've got
a voice recognition hit
on the ringleader.
Alex Vaughn.
British national.
Alex Vaughn is out of prison?
Paroled two years go.
You know him, Tommy?
He had
a drug trafficking crew
in the '90s.
Says he became
radicalized in prison
and turned to organized anarchy
and anti-capitalism.
He's suspected of a shooting
at the G8 summit in 2010.
They're anti-capitalist
bank robbers
who are greedy?
No, they're
wankers with guns.
Aw, that is really unpleasant.
I used to work
on a perfume counter,
all I can smell is flowers.
Well, maybe
you should do the recce?
Maybe you should
get down there.
Where is my negotiator?
I don't think
it'll matter.
We're from the ICC.
One of my team members
is in there.
The cop is one of yours?
The wanker in charge
is called Alex Vaughn.
You can't trust him.
This gets better all the time.
Do you have a mobile
command post of some kind?
It's being
set up now. Why?
Because we shouldn't
be standing here.
Don't look up, but they have
a sniper with them.
You must be joking.
All is good!
See?
I told you I had it all down.
That is why I think it's fair
to talk about
a larger remuneration.
You want to renegotiate.
Yeah, exactly, a renegotiation.
Consider that our final offer.
Wolf!
Suits are here.
Showtime.
Police!
He wants to talk to you!
There is a picture...
No, no...
ah! Ah!
Hey, hey, hey!
Be gentle with her!
She's pregnant!
Be gentle, please.
Are you okay?
Okay.
Be gentle, please.
Okay, it's procedure.
You're going to be fine, okay?
Trust me.
Give me the phone.
You're going to be fine.
This is Chief Helstrom.
Oh, yes,
we know who you are, Robert.
We are very well prepared.
You'll be getting
a list of demands soon.
And in case you're thinking
of trying something,
what you're looking at
is only a small amount
of what we brought.
We have
enough explosive in here
to level three blocks.
Am I making myself clear?
Why aren't they leaving?
Because this isn't a robbery.
It isn't?
They've been
in the vault 20 minutes,
and almost every bag
they brought with them
is right there on the floor.
What do you mean?
They haven't taken any money.
Are there any guns
hidden here, anywhere?
Guns? Um...
There's a security office
in the back corner,
but I don't know
what's in there.
Okay, look, I'm a cop.
You are?
And if the opportunity
presents itself,
I may need you to divert them.
No, he said he would
kill everyone...
Anika, look,
they wired the front door
with explosives,
and they're walking around here
without their masks on.
Whatever they're doing,
they're not going through it
to leave 20 witnesses
to talk to sketch artists.
Oh, no...
Now, I may not get the chance,
but if I do,
I'll need your help.
Can you do that for me,
Anika who pretends
she isn't the one
who's running this place?
Look, I want every man
on duty down here now!
I was wrong.
They're not just
wankers with guns.
Nope.
They're wankers with bombs.
Yeah. We'll help
where we can.
PETN is as volatile as it gets.
They're definitely not
coming out of the front door.
I'm thinking maybe
I should get up high,
try and locate their sniper.
Keep my eye on him.
All right, good idea.
Okay, good.
You are ready?
Ready?
Louis did not tell you
I was coming.
No.
My apologies, Rebecca.
May we come in?
Yeah.
We need you
to come back to The Hague.
Why?
May I explain on the way?
Damage nothing,
but be extremely thorough.
Always.
They've wired
some of the doors with PETN.
There's a lot of that
on the open market lately.
It's the ordnance of choice
for terrorists.
Explosives
don't help them get away.
It only keeps us outside.
I'm going through
the city planning schematics
to see if there is
anything nearby
they could be accessing
for an escape.
Listen, if you find anything,
let me know, okay?
- Will do.
- Thanks.
One
of the hostages
is definitely a cop, unit ten.
Excuse me...
Did you just broadcast that?
I'm gone.
What are you doing?
I said I'd pull out
if anything went wrong.
- What went wrong?
- I can't say.
I need an eye
in the sky for this.
Well, send the pig.
Pig's got
his own role to play...
Look!
I'm sorry, all right?
But as soon as
everything's ready here,
I'm going my own way.
Want me
to take care of tiger?
No, he'll come round.
Wolf...
I need to tell you something.
Not now.
Yes, now.
We seem to have
an uninvited guest.
It seems I have...
painted myself
in a rather dangerous corner.
Is there anything I can do?
I don't think so.
I mean, you haven't told anyone
about my hunting for the man who
put the bomb in your garage, have you?
What does that have to do with
this corner you've painted
yourself into?
I believe I am on the trail
of the man who ordered
the bomb to be planted.
Last week in Russia,
I was very close to him.
He knew I was coming.
And what do you...
If there are any bugs,
that man will find them.
How long
have they been listening?
I assure you,
they will only
have been listening
for talk of the investigation.
They will not be concerned
with things
of a personal nature.
Are you talking about
sex, Michel?
Because there are
a good many things
"of a personal nature"
that go on in a marriage
that don't involve sex.
But then, you wouldn't
know about that, would you?
I didn't mean to minimize
the intrusion, Rebecca.
I remember the first case
I brought to you
as a prosecutor.
It laid the groundwork
for establishing rape
as a crime of genocide.
You took
those Tutsi women aside
and you told them
not to be angry,
that anger
would hurt their case,
that personal anger would cloud
every aspect of the trial.
Do you remember?
I remember.
I need you
to not take personally
what these men did.
They listened to us...
to us talk,
to us hold each other,
to us crying.
These animals,
they took my son away,
and then they took my grief.
They've left me nothing.
Did you find the sniper?
No.
Doesn't mean
he isn't around, though,
so tell everyone to stay
as unexposed as possible.
Yes?
I want six Porsches
lined up outside,
all black.
And I want one pilot
and a Gulfstream
ready to go
at Rotterdam Airport,
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol,
Antwerp International,
and Gilze-Rijen Airport.
Is that clear?
You want six Porsches
and four planes?
Not planes,
Gulfstreams.
And you have one hour,
or I'm turning this bank
into an abattoir,
starting with the cop
we have amongst our hostages.
How did they find out?
Eva said a uniform
broadcast it on the radio.
They must be listening.
What's that?
Security-camera footage.
Wish they hadn't
disabled them so quickly.
I want to see what happened
before they entered.
Before?
Hickman said there were
six of them, right?
Only five came in.
So, one was already inside.
I'm not Hickman,
but something made him
suspicious enough
to dial you.
Let's see if I can find it.
Which one of you is a cop?
I'm not big
on repeating myself,
but this is important,
so one more time.
Which one of you is a cop?
My money's on you, daddy to be.
No, I'm a brick-layer.
No one else fits the bill.
Come on, sport, on your feet.
- Admit it.
- No...
- Admit it!
- Please!
Look at you, copper haircut,
copper clothes...
There's a copper in those eyes!
Admit it!
No, it's him!
I'm sorry.
The cripple?
Bloody scraping the barrel
for cops, huh?
He can't even hold a phone.
Did you search him?
You told me...
You said to get the phones...
Get him on his feet
and search him.
Hmm...
What's this?
I was working with
the Dutch police on a drug ring.
That was confiscated
from someone this morning.
It's police procedure
to walk around
with evidence in your pocket?
It was a seize
and destroy operation.
Oh, and you just forgot
the destroy part?
It's not your work,
it's your works, baby.
Some cop.
A crippled junkie.
A junkie with stones,
I'll give you that,
but a junkie nonetheless.
No, no, no, he isn't capable
of being a problem for us,
and I never would have guessed
it was him
without you.
You know what that means,
don't you, sweetheart?
It means you're a grass!
A stoolie! An informant!
And there's nothing I hate
more than a grass!
Get some rope and cut it.
You're making a mistake.
Pig, give me your gun.
I might have something.
Tell us.
There's an old sewer system
that runs right under the bank.
It hasn't been used for years.
It's unstable,
but that's probably
how they're leaving.
Any idea where it comes out?
Everywhere.
But most of the exits
are sealed permanently.
I'm narrowing down
to any possible escape routes.
It's only been 30 minutes!
I'm coming out.
And I'm not alone,
so you'd better
not try anything!
Yeah.
Everyone is here.
I want every
man and woman on duty
down here now!
Every man and woman on duty...
Tell them not
to shoot, chief!
That's not the bank robber!
That's not Vaughn!
Are you sure?
The robbers just want to
keep everybody busy.
Tell your officers
to stand down!
One bullet could
blow us all away.
You need to think about
what you're doing.
Shut up.
You've been screwed.
I said, shut up.
All right, clear
back, come back.
Everybody, stand down
and clear back. Clear back!
Answer one question.
Why did wolf take your gun?
He said he needed
your gun, right?
Why?
To tape.
He could have taped
any gun to that guy's hand.
It's okay.
Don't move.
It's gonna be all right.
Yeah?
There's no timer...
Only a detonation cord.
Is it attached
to a remote device?
Pulling out the cord
will defuse the bomb,
but there may be people
watching from inside.
Watching?
For someone to get close.
Where's your security guard,
your inside man?
I'm guessing
that fox stabbed him with
the knife that she gave you.
He's probably dead, right?
And you're holding
the murder weapon.
Okay.
I'm going to remove the cord.
I want you both still.
Your prints are on the guns
that are left.
Your prints are on the knife.
Your prints are on
the explosive vest
that was on the manager,
the pieces that
are laying out there.
Your prints are on the vests
with the people
outside right now,
the vests that they're wearing.
And if you press that button,
your prints are gonna be
on that detonator, too.
They're long gone,
and they've dumped
this whole thing
right in your lap.
All of them had gloves on...
except you.
He was my friend.
A lot of great big bags
to bring to a robbery...
Sebastian!
I'm running a suspect
through facial recognition.
How many are there?
Six.
Five men, one woman.
Did you see a man
with one glove?
The American?
They know he's a cop.
It's not a bank robbery.
Anne-Marie identified
one of the robbers.
Her husband is in a prison
that sits right on top of
the old sewer system
less than a mile away.
Head for Scheveningen Prison.
We're sending you coordinates.
We'll explain to you
as you're on the way.
Go. Go!
We'll call you from the road.
- Berger.
- Sebastian?
Hickman? Are you okay?
The bank's secure.
I've got one in custody.
- He surrendered.
- Surrendered?
Yeah, I can be very persuasive.
But the doors are wired
and ready to blow.
Tell whoever's outside,
do not come in
without a bomb squad.
Pretty sure they dug a tunnel.
Any idea what's under this bank?
An old sewer line
that leads
under a nearby prison.
We think that's where
they are going.
I doubt this cell
is going to work underground.
Do you think you can track it?
Any chance
i can get you not to go?
None.
The female robbers' name
is Sheila Ganz.
her husband, Konrad Ganz,
doing 25 to life,
was just transferred there.
The old sewer line goes
right underneath that prison.
And Ganz was Alex Vaughn's
cell mate in the U.K.
It's here.
We're under the prison.
Give it to me!
Okay...
Down.
You all right, mate?
Hey, hey, plenty of time
for that later, eh? Come on.
This is the one.
Hey, keep it down,
keep it down. Quiet.
This is it.
Just keep moving.
Quiet, keep it down.
Should be about another
100 yards...
Come on...
Guys.
Hickman's stopped.
He's at first Avenue
and Holmgren.
Yeah, we're only
a few blocks from there.
Come on, come on, come on.
What's he doing?
He's still at that same spot,
signaling us that
something is happening.
Okay,
you go to the sewers.
I'll stay here.
Up already?
Don't move!
Keep your hands
where I can see them.
Game's up.
You're on your own. Run.
Run!
Stop!
Down! Down! Down!
On your knees now!
Knees!
Far enough!
You?
Me.
How the hell did you
get away from pig?
I helped him realize
what a mess you left him in.
I should have killed you
when I had the chance.
Probably.
I'm still going to.
Drop the weapon.
How did that happen, the hand?
Birth defect.
Yeah...
No, no, no,
they would have never let you
be a cop with that.
What was it, line of duty?
I'm not going to ask again
to drop that gun.
Were you a junkie
before you got hurt,
or is that all post-wound?
I'm not a junkie.
What the hell was
a crippled American cop doing
in a bank in the Netherlands?
Playing John Wayne.
All right!
All right, all right,
all right, you got me.
You got me, you got me.
That was...
pretty impressive.
Shot the gun out of his hand.
Yeah, well, I was aiming
for his head.
I told you,
I'm not left-handed.
Unit four,
we have five in custody.
We were told there were six.
Was he one of them?
No.
You sure?
I'm out of here, Louis.
Are you shooting up?
I need to know.
It's a numbing agent.
It's called Lidocaine.
I shoot it into my hand.
I tried the pills,
but you know what?
They're just not strong enough.
Are you sure?
Am I sure?
So now he's shooting up.
Don't worry.
My name is on this team,
my reputation.
I'll take care of it, Dorn.
They found
three listening devices
in your flat.
Did you remove them?
No, of course,
I did not remove them.
We will use them
to deliver information
to Dimitrov
that we want him to have.
It's the best weapon.
Rebecca will never...
You think of Rebecca now?
Now?
You did not call her, Louis.
You didn't warn her that
I was coming instead of you,
that I was coming
with a technician,
that any of this was happening.
Where is she?
I-I don't know.
Has anyone seen my wife?
She just left.
She left?
About
10 minutes ago.
You're not coming?
I'll pass tonight.
Really?
Aye.
Good for you.
Hello?
Hi.
Yeah, it's me.
I'm fine.
I'm fine!
Just listen.
I need you to, um...
I saw Colin today.
Aye.
I need you to tell him
that I saw him.
No, he'll know what I mean.
All right? And I need you
to tell him to call me.
I want to speak to him.
Can you do that?
Love you, ma.
All right.
==sync, correction by dcdah==
for www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org